SNOW-544015: Bumped up PythonConnector PATCH version from 2.7.4 to 2.… (#1078)
snowflakedb/snowflake-connector-python: DESCRIPTION.md

- v2.7.5(March 17,2022)

>    - fix previous rebase issue
>    -  partner application name injection
>    - Wait for URL input after SSO login
>    - removing doubly listed dependency
>    -  Deprecate Python 3.6
>    - export SnowflakeConnection
>    - fix index numbers when using fetch_pandas_all
>    - fix hanging FIPS tests
>    - Remove 3.6 Tests from GitHub actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Added an option for partners to inject their name through an environmental variable (SF_PARTNER)
   - Fixed a bug where we would not wait for input if a browser window couldn't be opened for SSO login
   - Deprecate support for Python 3.6
   - Exported a type definition for SnowflakeConnection
   - Fixed a bug where final Arrow table would contain duplicate index numbers when using fetch_pandas_all
```
